question what brings environmental
benefits is fully recyclable made
entirely from renewable resources and
provides economic benefits corrugated of
course corrugated packaging is a super
material and offers producers retailers
consumers and society in general so many
benefits so let's take a closer look
corrugated packaging is a powerful agent
at the point of sale because it's print
ability allows you to add all sorts of
imagery branding and messages to catch
the eye which is a massive advantage
especially when you realize that it's at
the point of sale where 68% of shoppers
make their buying decisions it's perfect
for retail ready packaging it's easy to
identify easy to open easy to get on
shelf easy to access easy to collapse
and recycle
here's Gabon Chapel supply chain
director of UK supermarket chain
Asda I think if you just look at the
five five Easy's let me just pick out
one and the key one for me is really
easy ID I'm sure a number of people are
beading into the backpack rooms are some
some retailers and actually trying to
find products it is actually quite
difficult and therefore if you can't
find it you've got a potential risk
that's gonna go out of code or it gets
damaged and therefore ends up getting
wasted so for me and easy ideas is a
really important factor of making sure
that certainly from a retailer point of
view our colleagues can really get into
there find a product quickly and get it
onto shelf the beauty of corrugated is
that it can be precisely tailored to fit
any product
this means more products on a pallet and
better use of warehouse space
all this adds up to less lorries on the
road and lower logistics costs there's
even a fully stackable common footprint
available for fruit and vegetables
these are the most space efficient and
the lowest cost to deliver the costs for
transporting a thousand apples for
example are an average 13 percent lower
than a competing system and finally
according to a study around 80% of
consumers love paper based packaging
because it's better for the environment
so what brings environmental benefits is
fully recyclable made entirely from
renewable resources and provides
economic benefits corrugated of course
you